Added initial documentations (#114)
eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs: content/en/docs/tutorials/prototyping/service_integration.md

### Create your own services

If you want to create your own service the [KUKSA.VAL Services repository](https://github.com/eclipse/kuksa.val.services/) contains examples illustrating how such kind of vehicle services can be built. You need to write an application that talks to _KUKSA.VAL_ listening to changes of a _target value_ of some VSS data point and then do whatever you want. You can achieve this by using the _KUKSA.VAL_ [gRPC API](https://github.com/eclipse/kuksa.val/tree/master/proto/kuksa/val/v1) with any programming language of your choice (learn more about [gRPC](https://grpc.io)).

### Mock Service and Mock Service Integration

[The Vehicle Mock Service](https://github.com/eclipse/kuksa.val.services/tree/main/mock_service) is a dummy service allowing to control all specified actuator- and sensor-signals via a configuration file. These configuration files are expressed in a Python-based domain-specific language (DSL).
The default behavior is predefined in [mock.py](https://github.com/eclipse/kuksa.val.services/blob/main/mock_service/mock.py)

> Mock Service is already integrated in all our [Vehicle Runtimes](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_app_runtime). To be able to configure integrated Mock Service, you need only to add custom `mock.py` into the root of the Vehicle App Project, created based on one of our Velocitas Templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mock Service is already integrated in all our [Vehicle Runtimes](/docs/tutorials/vehicle_app_runtime). To be able to configure it, you need to add a custom `mock.py` in the root of your Vehicle App Project. The Mock Service Container will pick it up automatically.
```
